I"Û<p>At Google, Visual Designers weave iconography, typography, color, space and texture together to help our users successfully navigate our products. We believe that all of our products should be beautiful and accessible. As a Visual Designer, you‚Äôll delight users with designs that inspire, engage and excite them. You‚Äôll rely on user-centered design principles to produce high-quality visuals‚Äîfrom concept to execution‚Äîacross many platforms. Like all of our UX jobs, you‚Äôll collaborate with your fellow designers to constantly refine the Google design language and create innovative, great-looking products that people love to use.</p>

<p>As the Visual Designer, you will work in the intersection of physical and digital - building a delightful, polished user experience. Your work will involve designing interfaces that solve complex interactions with elegance and simplicity. You have a strong interest in technology and know how to work in multidisciplinary teams. You can tell compelling stories about users and products. You will also contribute to communications asset development (posters, storyboards, presentations) as needed‚Äù and add ‚Äúcreate communication assets‚Äù to responsibilities as well. Although your focus will be in visual design, you will be involved in all aspects of design with the larger UX and product teams (from defining the information architecture to early physical and digital explorations through concept prototyping and final pixel-level specification for an experience that spans devices and users). You will work closely with our interaction and industrial designers to make sure the user interfaces and physical design complement each other and deliver a seamless user experience. You will also work closely with engineering, product, and research teams to envision and create a trustworthy and delightful user experience that gives a purpose beyond novelty and integrate it smoothly into the everyday life of a user.</p>

<p>Please include a portfolio link within your resume.</p>
:ET