I"Á	<p>Bachelor‚Äôs degree in interaction design, human-computer interaction, or related subject, master‚Äôs degree strongly preferred.
Minimum of 5-7 years of experience in working with complex websites and applications in a global environment. Recent background may include roles in user experience, market research, analysis, or as a product owner or manager.
Proven experience growing a web channel, including increased engagement and conversions
Strategic thinker with ability to envision new ideas based on experience, market intelligence, and organizational strategy.
 Understands and accounts for multi‚Äêchannel needs, including usability and accessibility standards. Familiarity with WCAG 2.0 a plus.
Proficient using design tools like Visio, InDesign, and Illustrator as well as standard office software
Proven ability to drive collaboration among many different people and functions.
Experience synthesizing UI design, IA, site structure, visual design, content strategy, usability research, and testing to create compelling user experiences.
Adept at determining key customer needs and concerns developing customer-centric solutions
Able to build strong relationships and bridge the technical and business worlds.
Strong relationship and vendor management skillset with excellent communication and conversation facilitation
Creative ability and technical competence. Extremely strong critical thinking skills for analyzing and synthesizing multidisciplinary, complex problems.
Understands channel and industry trends including responsive web design, personalization, and localization
Proven ability to plan and execute user research, providing analysis and recommendations.
Work displays foundation in user-centered design methods and techniques.
Global cultural orientation and working experience
Excellent interpersonal skills including a professional and diplomatic demeanor
Ability to create new and unique ideas and an entrepreneurial spirit
Experience in project management, with skills necessary to interpret what is needed for the success of a project and to create appropriate schedules for timely delivery
Very high level of organizational and time management skills
Flexibility in competently juggling competing priorities and changing expectations
Excellent consulting, problem solving, and analytical skills
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with a high degree of professionalism</p>

<p>TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS
Occasional travel for conferences, meetings, and events</p>
:ET