I"C<p>You are a master of user centered design process.
You are able to clearly identify the people who will use the product, what they will use it for, and under what conditions they will use it. You can collaborate with product managers to define business requirements, craft user goals, objectives and success metrics that must be met for the product to be successful. You can design an experience and in turn evaluate solutions through usability testing with actual users.
You are a true storyteller.
Your portfolio is filled with stories. Stories about your process, stories about defining product vision, stories about users and experiences, stories that created measurable impact.
You’ve shipped celebrated products.
You’ve weathered release cycles and know what details matter at each stage, when to compromise and how to collaborate with product managers and engineers to build products move the needle forward. You know how to translate insights from user studies into meaningful action, and what’s most likely to go afoul at each stage. You can share several shining examples of real work you’ve shipped – work that you’re very proud of – and what you learned along the way.
You substantially contribute to defining the ‘what’ as well as the ‘how’.
You’re a product manager’s secret weapon. You thrive best when helping to define the requirements, vision and not just translating them into designs. You facilitate and draw the best design ideas from teammates.
You can think and talk about the bottom line.
Analytics don’t scare you, and you know which features can act as force multipliers on your company’s business model.
Prototyping is a key part of your toolset.
You’ve prototyped on multiple platforms. You’ve made last-minute tweaks between user studies. You know how to be all kinds of quick and dirty, but dream of better prototyping tools.
Cross-platform is your style.
Hopefully you’ve shipped something across several platforms. You know what translates from desktop and what doesn’t, or why you’d opt for one solution for iOS and another on Android.</p>
:ET